Update CONTRIBUTING.md to inform contributors about default hard notes (#2974)
jdm-contrib/jdm: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - `hard`: Sites that require you to contact customer services or those that don't allow automatic or easy account deletion
  - `limited`: Sites that only allow you to delete your account if you live in an area with privacy rights. This is only used for websites that require proof that you are covered by local law and verify it.
  - `impossible`: For sites where it's basically impossible to totally delete your account, even if you contact them

> - `notes`: *(optional)* Notes will be shown when someone expands the info on that service. They should start as uppercase and include additional information you might need to delete your account (e.g. Skype) or consequences of deleting your account (e.g. iTunes). If you are drastically changing existing notes, do delete its translations, unless you have proficiency in one or more of them. If you want to include links in the notes, you should use markdown syntax, e.g.: `Visit [this page](https://example.com).` would become "Visit [this page](https://example.com)." When the difficulty is hard and no note is attached, the default note will be as set in the translation JSON file, or fallback in English (Send an email to the provided address and request account deletion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `notes`: *(optional)* Notes will be shown when someone expands the info on that service. They should start as uppercase and include additional information you might need to delete your account (e.g. Skype) or consequences of deleting your account (e.g. iTunes). If you are drastically changing existing notes, do delete its translations, unless you have proficiency in one or more of them. If you want to include links in the notes, you should use markdown syntax, e.g.: `Visit [this page](https://example.com).` would become "Visit [this page](https://example.com)." When there is an `email` field set and no note, the default note will be set as in the translation JSON file `defaultnote_email`.
```

Author: Hi, thank you for your suggestion.
I will update it in the moment I will be able to.
Thank you.
